RegRipper
=======

## Overview
The RegRipper script will search a case for relevant registry hive files, export the files, and then pass them to RegRipper for processing.

## Prerequisites
Download and extract [RegRipper](https://github.com/keydet89/RegRipper2.8)

## Settings
### GUI Settings
- **RegRipper Installation Path** - Directory containing the RegRipper CLI (rip.exe)
- **Export Path** - Directory for the export performed by the script. 
	- **Delete export on completion?** - Check this box to have the export deleted after the script finishes
- **Output Path** - Directory for the output of the script

### HiveProfileMap.json
The `HiveProfileMap.json` file defines the plugin profile that RegRipper will use for a particular registry hive. 
A plugin profile is a plain text file that defines a list of RegRipper plugins to use. 
Plugin profiles can be found in the `plugins` directory inside of the RegRipper installation directory. 
Individual plugins have a `.pl` extension while plugin profiles have no extension.
The format for the `HiveProfileMap.json` file is:
```
{
  "<registry hive>" : "<plugin profile>",
  ...
}
```

## Output
The report files generated by RegRipper will be written to the supplied `Output Path`, using the following naming convention, `<EvidenceContainerName>_<UserName>_<HiveFileName>_<DuplicateIndex>.txt`

- **EvidenceContainerName** - Name of the evidence container that contains the hive file. If you are processing multiple registries you should ingest them into separate evidence containers to keep the reports separate.
- **UserName**  - This will only appear for `NTUSER.DAT` and `USRCLASS.DAT` registry files.
- **HiveFileName** - Name of the hive file used to generate the report.
- **DuplicateIndex** - Only used if the report file's name would be identical to an existing report.

The script will also generate a summary report (summary_report.csv) in the output directory which will contain the following columns
- **Report file** - Path to the report file.
- **Hive file** - Path to the hive file used to generate the report.
- **ItemGuid** - This will can be used to recall the hive file in the Nuix case that was used to generate the report.